Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Very sensitive.
- Yes.
- Miss Marmalade.
First of all. I'd like
to reintroduce ourselves.
My name is Mr. Bartholomew.
and this is Mr. Toboggan
and we're of the law firm
of Toboggan. Toboggan. and Toboggan.
Your grandmother was a very.
very important client of the firm.
Isn't that right. Mr. Toboggan?
We're here because she has willed you
this condo in its entirety.
Every little thing that you
see paid for is now yours
for your entire lifetime until
God forbid you should die
or I should say pass
away of natural causes.
All you've got to do is sign the contract.
Should we show her the
agreement. Mr. Toboggan?
Please. please.
Right here. right here.
Mr. Toboggan. would you please
place the contract down?
If you would be just so
kind to sign the contract
and don't read any of the small detail.
Mr. Toboggan is an expert
in this I promise you
and he's a notary.
He will witness your signature.
Whoa. whoa. one second.
Don't sign the contract just yet.
I forgot to tell her
about the supplemental
part of the contract.
- Don't look at them in the eye.
- Your grandmother was very.
very emphatic about one thing.
And I'd like to take you on this adventure
about your grandmother
that maybe you didn't know
or maybe you did know.
From every country from
Armenia to India to Sri Lanka
and she loved these dolls.
I mean. look at the beauty of these dolls.
The faces.
She loved them like they
were her own children.
And there's a stipulation
now in the agreement
that you must look after these dolls
as though they were your own.
Mr. Toboggan. would you
please come sit down?
It is not only a contractual.
but it's a spiritual obligation.
And if anything was to happen.
you must get in touch with
the master doll maker.
The card. please.
He's available 24 seven.
You must get in contact immediately
if anything was to happen and
I mean anything whatsoever.
Please take that.
It's an emergency
telephone number 24 seven.
You call this number and
let me explain to you why.
You see the dolls?
You see how lifelike the dolls are?
They look real.
They are so perfect.
Every little.
Look at the nose.
Oh. you cute little doll.
What about the lips?
Right?
Do you love these dolls the way
your grandmother loved these dolls?
That's important.
If you can love the dolls the way
your grandmother loved the dolls.
Mr. Toboggan and I are prepared
to watch you sign that contract
and all of this and every
doll in it is yours.
- Just don't look at them in the eyes.
- Are you ready for that?
Sign the contract.
Can we give her the keys now?
The key is now yours.
- Congratulations.
- And with that said. I
think we better get going.
It was great meeting you. Miss Marmalade.
We're gonna leave this with you.
I know you're gonna be very happy
and you'll never be lonely.
We should get going.
- Congratulations.
- Just call the doll maker.
- Careful. they bite.
- What are you saying
something like that for?
I mean. that's stupid.
You behave yourself
and we'll get along just fine.
It shall take forever
for me to name you all.
Longer for me to remember.
Let's see.
Who will sleep with me tonight?
I'm still a virgin. which
means no funny business
and tell no one.
You hear me?
All I need to be is a
laughingstock of my peers.
There. sweet face.
My name is Adeline.
I don't know the new language very well
and I don't have any friends.
I feel that I have never fit in
with the people of this new world.
but my dad says soon it
will be better than home.
We are free here.
Now don't be jealous.
That's not an attribute to be proud of.
We have tomorrow night
and the rest of my life
till I pass away peacefully
by natural causes.
Goodnight.
I'm so sorry. Adeline.
I cry myself to sleep every night
since I merely turned girl.
God only knows why.
- This file is on a slingshot.
Ae you going to introduce me?
Kenneth doesn't
appreciate your sarcasm. Dr. Feverheart.
Even though it just a doll.
- I can see that.
What?
That he doesn't like your
sarcasm or that he's just a doll?
- How have you been feeling. Marmalade?
Same.
- And last night?
Have you given any more thought
to the idea of medication?
No.
- You do realize you are
biting the nails of Kenneth.
Sorry.
You seem to care more about
Kenneth than you do me.
- Subliminal hunger
manifested in nail biting.
That's not true.
Hey. he's only made of clay.
You are a living being.
Well. you
could have fooled me.
- Perhaps I should make out
the medication to Kenneth.
Not funny.
How time flies.
- Well you wanted our session
time to be cut in half.
Well. yes.
I want to win myself.
- In case you or Kenneth
change your minds.
You may
need a doc more than me.
- I'll see you next week at two.
2:17.
She can wait.
Can you imagine that?
Bad enough doc is
offering me drugs but you?
Oops.
If grandmother saw
that. I'd lose a candle.
Don't you dare.
We can fall out the window.
You hear that. Cosmo?
An electrical outage
has just struck the metropolitan area
with a 100.000 left in the dark.
Spokeswoman for water and power
is blaming a main power
generator that went out.
If not
one thing. it's another.
Nothing to fear.
Only an electrical outage.
I wonder who will sleep with me tonight?
Esmee of Holland. land of windmills.
Nice to meet you.
How gallant and striking you must look
with your beautiful wheat colored hair
blowing in the wayward winds.
Those wayward winds.
Bonjour. Gilbert.
Marmalade.
You know how many messages I left you?
How many?
10.
Be thankful
this didn't turn out
to be number 11.
What do you want?
What I always want.
To see you.
I'm in a phase. Gilbert.
And maybe a little respect.
When you
die. I'll pay my respects.
Oh geez.
Did you join the dark side?
Yes. Gilbert.
So why do you love me so much?
That smile.
You'll be sticking a knife in my back
but that smile makes me think.
gosh. she didn't mean it.
Gilbert. I
haven't smiled forever.
Oh. I can wait.
How sweet.
It's Thursday.
I can drive you.
That wouldn't
count as conservation day.
You'd be spilling gas
into the environment.
I'm taking the bus like every Thursday.
Well. I can
ride with you on the bus.
Not today. Gilbert.
I'm in a phase.
We can take the bus ride
when you're finished with your homework.
Goodbye.
Wait.
Too late.
I hung up already.
No. you didn't.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for this address.
but there doesn't seem
to be a 7575 Plus One
Quarter Forgotten Street.
- It's that Forgotten Street.
In there?
Don't like this too much.
Cosmo. what kind of doll fixer
could reside in an alleyway?
- The homeless kind.
That's who.
You dropped something there. dolly.
Come on in here.
Come on. I'll take a look at that.
Now Cosmo's
broken in two ways.
- Three ways.
You ain't accounting for his broken heart.
Know all the pass codes
to the neighborhood.
Don't tell nobody.
Now. come on inside and I'll have a look.
Come on.
How do you
know he has a broken heart?
- Every doll has a broken heart.
Don't you know they all wanna be human?
Now. come on inside here. doll face.
Come on. come on.
Let me have a look.
Let me have a.
Let.
Come.
Please be careful.
You've done enough damage.
- There's no damage I can't fix.
Do you like the new artwork?
- Course I like the artwork.
I designed it.
You're the doll fixer?
- What do you think we're doing
here? Meeting for my health?
Say. I have seen worse.
Cosmo.
You're gonna live.
Tell me what's your name. doll face?
Marmalade.
- Doll face. go down the block.
Take a left.
Hank's Cafe.
Two lattes.
Fixing time is one half hour.
Shoo.
You can't watch me while I do my magic.
Go. go. shoo. shoo.
Two lattes.
I don't want a latte.
- Two lattes for me. doll
face. and with soy milk.
Got to look out for them cows.
Now move along.
Move along.
Had a hard time holding
up still. but I managed.
Two out of the three fixed.
Okay.
Still got that broken heart though.
Afraid that one's out of my league.
You never
know he was broken.
Did you know my grandmother Estelle?
- You look just like her.
Both doll faces.
Thank you so much.
I could have lost everything.
- And been homeless like myself.
Don't advise that.
How much do I owe you?
- All in the contract.
What contract?
- The one I signed with your grandmother.
Okay. does it for me.
I'll be moseying on my way now.
Gonna freshen my supplies.
Nice seeing you.
Ever hear
of a doll hanging himself?
- Old wives tales. spooky
fairy tales and legends.
Why?
One of grandmother's dolls.
- Damn.
Spunkneck curse.
Huh?
- Thought it was cast
out when he hung himself.
Who hung himself?
- Spunkneck. the demented doll maker.
I was doing good. but curses like this
drop me from the wagon.
Sorry. kid.
I don't normally make house calls.
If it gets any worse. you call me.
Worse?
Another hanging.
Keep the faith.
Hey. Tanechka. you look nice and warm.
It's your turn.
Come here.
No.
Come here. come here.
Thank you for
seeing me spur of the moment.
I was beside myself.
- Yeah.
There's nothing I can detect
that's out of the ordinary.
Although I am gonna recommend
that you check yourself
into a hospital for complete
and comprehensive evaluation.
I'm fine.
- Seeing dolls that hang themselves.
Haven't
you ever had a nightmare?
- Was it a nightmare?
Tell me what you see.
A real doll.
- Real or not?
Real.
Real doll.
- This is a patient of mine.
I thought it might be helpful
for the two of you to meet.
Who applied his makeup?
- You can talk directly to me.
Oh. who applies your makeup?
- I only talk when I'm winded up.
- Go through the motions.
That's it.
Keep winding.
Wind him all the way up.
Hurry.
The syringe on the table.
Marmalade. the syringe.
Hurry.
- Ah.
- Sorry.
It's part of the master
manifesto I was reading about
belonging to the brilliant
psychiatrist Luberg Pillowski
dating back to the last century.
I just thought the procedure
would be beneficial to both of you.
Your therapy's deadly.
You're associating my condition
with this psycho maniac.
- There are similarities.
The only similarity
is your twisted thinking to his.
You're fired.
- I wouldn't recommend that.
I wouldn't either.
Silly girl.
Marmalade.
Therapy is still in session.
- Think if I leave my cart out here.
anyone's gonna steal it?
Okay. it's only whole life belongings.
Okay. where's the scoundrel?
Where are the scoundrels?
Ah. I see.
Aren't
you going to pick it up?
- I ain't gonna touch him.
Leave my prints. be falsely
accused and get life.
It's only a doll.
- Mm hm.
Ones that hang themselves.
But it's what they might
do that concerns me more.
What else?
- Those legends. the spooky
legends. fairy tales.
old wives tale spoke of cruel atrocities.
Do you have a plan?
- Do have a plan.
Find the headmaster.
What are you doing?
- Ah.
This has a theoretically indefinite pitch
when rung in the ear of the headmaster.
Found the maestro.
Come here.
Come over here.
Take this paper.
Hold it up.
All right.
What's it say?
Spunkneck's curse coming.
Oh my God.
What does it mean?
- As in the dream state
where time is different
than the waking state.
So to is time in the world of dolls
for sure in the world of Spunkneck dolls.
I think you're scaring me.
- Hold on.
It gets worse.
Once normally harmless. inanimate.
rubber. porcelain. marbled
eyed dolls turned wicked
when the headmaster doll maker Spunkneck
fell to the dark side
stemming from childhood abuse.
which he could no longer keep contained.
And so his evil desire to spoil
little happy innocent boys and girls.
I haven't seen jealousy.
He felt cheated.
And so he jinxed his future
creations with a dark spell.
Doomsday internal clocks
so that each and every doll
would enact its own horror doomsday.
Doll Armageddon.
- Find another place to sleep.
I will not.
And I inherited these
dolls from my grandmother.
They're like my little
brothers and sisters.
- Made from the dark side.
I can't abort them.
- That's your own peril.
We all innocent inside.
Just need to be loved
and given the chance.
- Just like your grandmother.
Heart of gold.
Tell my
wannabe boyfriend that.
- He don't sound like the one.
Let may tell you there's a time for love
and a time for wise resolution.
Look at that.
My cart's still here.
.
Chains as strong as its weakest link.
Take me to the lights.
- What lights?
Any lights.
Just lights.
- Are you afraid of dark?
Lately. yes.
- I should take you home now.
Yes. you can take me home.
Please. grandmother.
Don't let anything happen to me.
Happen to me.
What the fuck?
Marmalade.
Either I'm dead and dreaming
and you're dead and dreaming.
Can you just talk with me for a while?
Geez.
What's wrong. Marmalade?
Nothing.
I just need to talk.
Yeah. sure.
We can talk forever if you want.
Gilbert.
Yeah.
You know I
inherited my grandmother condo.
God knows when
you're going to invite me over.
Well. you
know. it's filled with dolls.
Told me that.
I haven't been well.
What if I told you I
just feel like screaming?
Well. go ahead.
Good witch.
You're going to protect
me from any evil curses.
Won't you?
Will you?
Strange things to say the least
have been taking place
with grandmother's dolls.
Sometimes I think I'm going nuts.
Okay.
Do your magic.
Bless you and bless this place.
It's a gloomy day.
Marmalade. don't be depressed.
No. not you.
I know none of you wish me any harm.
You're all dealing with your own pain.
I know how hard it is sometimes.
I'm not aborting you.
I just have to get some air.
One. two. three.
Four. five. six.
Seven. eight. nine. 10. 11.
9.999.
10.000.
Too many cars.
That was so much fun.
We did a great show tonight.
The audience wants an encore but remember.
Always leave them wanting more.
I feel good now.
I think I'll be able to
get a good night's sleep.
Goodnight.
Ugh.
What's that smell?
Goodnight. Rose Burlesque.
Come up and see me some time.
We're having a grand old time in here.
We're drinking whiskey and wine
and we're dancing the night away.
Come make yourself comfortable.
My knee behind my shoulder.
I just get stuck in a
pretzel and it's oh my.
Kicking my feet. I got
a rip in my stockings.
I gotta be more careful.
We're above the law.
Up here is rather stimulating.
I got to say I'm feeling
quite ladylike at this moment.
I need your advice.
You're both older and wiser.
What is wrong with me?
I guess you can't hear me.
You're in your own lovely world.
Thanks anyway.
I thought it might help if we all got
to know each other a little better.
Tell each other our world.
Vent so to speak.
It's such a terrible thing
when one feels so bad
that they feel there is no way out
besides doing away with oneself.
So sad.
I understand.
You'd rather not let
everyone know your business.
Well. just know ever you feel like it.
you can confide in me.
I won't say a word.
I'm going to try to sleep now.
Sh. they're out there.
Show us your omnipresence.
Oh. it's surrounding our bodies.
We besiege you to grace
us with your presence
in any shape or form.
I think it's clear.
- You okay. miss?
You want me to call a doctor. miss?
They can't help me.
Nobody can help me.
I tried.
I really tried.
Whoever
finds this note first.
let it be kept for my lawyers.
I leave everything to my
granddaughter Marmalade.
That sweet child.
My husband passed away a few years ago.
It's been so lonely and unbearable
that I no longer have
the will to continue.
My heart is empty.
I leave this condo and all
my beloved dolls to Marmalade
for her to enjoy as I have.
Please do not tell her of my suicide
for it would make her so sad.
Let her think I passed
away by natural causes.
My wish for her is to find the love
and hope that I have lost.
Goodbye.
It's quite
brilliant. I must say.
Quantum algorithms creating
possibly their own virtual realities.
- Thank you. doc.
You give a plant water and
sunlight. it will grow.
You give structure enough
room for evolution.
it will grow. too.
- And grow it has.
Spunkneck. your latest
dolls are full human size.
- Sure.
The size has grown with consciousness.
Take Marmalade for example.
Marmalade easily frightened.
Must be taken care of.
Her kindly grandmother has
left her a condo of dolls
to keep her company as she
learns to live with her fears.
Come on. let me show you this one.
Gilbert. a bother to Marmalade.
and she doesn't have the
hesitation to show it.
He loves her no matter what.
Eventually they will wed.
- So what's the mysterious ingredient?
- How so?
- Labs all around the
world have come close
to creating a self
perpetuating virtual reality.
but all of them have failed.
- Love.
Love will give them a chance.
How have you been feeling?
- Good.
Leave the past in the past
if the past don't help.
- I gotta remember that one.
- You know. sometimes a
curse can be a blessing.
How much I owe you?
- This one's on the house.
Aloha.
Move or die.
These lines on the road
are hypnotizing me.
I feel like painting over them.
Time is money and you're
costing me a fortune. slowpokes.
This is giving me anxiety.
Do you have your stick
shift in reverse gear?
Short seems like it.
Where did you learn to drive?
I'm going to invent my most
sinister doll ever because of you.
Horse and buggy would be faster.
This is giving me anxiety.
Is everyone gonna drive
the same time I'm driving?
What's wrong with them?
My dolls have better sense than
these moron Sunday drivers.
I hate looking at these boring buildings.
Where's the dancing girls?
I'm going to program my
new dolls to drive cars
and run you over in the
middle of the night.
I should have bought a
tractor instead of a small car
so I can bulldoze over these slowpokes.
Get out of your cars and go shopping.
Go buy yourself a doll.
Move or die.
Traffic is for people with no life.
- Your formula is not complete.
You cannot have love without truth.
- Don't worry. Estelle.
I got it covered.
Love and truth.